what's up guys and welcome to another
video on my channel today i'm going to
be opening up a play of the year pack
for you guys if you guys know if this is
if you do put in ten play of the year
collectibles you do get a play or a team
of the year players so we can get it
2morrow marie go over Quinn Mario
Williams Joe Haden really any of those
really good players and I'm almost
guaranteed then I'm going to get update
team if I do this set so I thought it
would be a good idea and no I did not
buy any of these collectibles on the
auction block when the team of the year
packs came out I think about not too
sure how long ago but it wasn't too long
ago I did open a lot of them off camera
and on camera and I did pull the rare
ones I pulled the this one right here
this pain Manning one the Gronk and the
brain grind so I pulled all those and
have enough to do one so smash that like
button if you guys want me to do more of
these play of the year packs and team
into your packs whatever you guys want
to call them and just not sure I like by
an overall if you want me to do more
live event packs and team the air packs
and football outsiders so let's go right
ahead and open it till we get I'm really
nervous for this hopefully I really
wanted to Montgomery because that's
basically the best pool you can get I
think let's go right ahead and claim it
and here it is Team of the Year award
pack and let's see what we can get and
we get a Joe Haden so that is not a bad
pool at all 95 overall corner and he's
definitely going to be starting for the
team so this is going to be our main
corner I can't remember I think I have a
champ bailey as my other corner but this
is gonna be our new one so Joe Haden one
of my favorite corners if you guys
didn't know that I really love his
attitude on the field and he's one of
the best players on the Browns and
hopefully the Bronx can get a good pic
this year because I really do like the
Browns but the quarterbacks they've been
choosing lately in their career but
here's his stats he has some pauses
video but if you enjoyed this video
please smash that like button and
subscribe if you're new to the channel
I'll catch you guys later peace